doc: add systemd chapter (#142282)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/development/systemd-handling-dependencies.section.md

There are 3 choices to make
wants vs requires vs bindsTo:
- use `wants = [ "B" ];`, if service A can start even if B fails. Systemd will try to start B but will start A even in case of a failure of B.
- use `requires = [ "B" ];`, if service A will not start without B. Systemd will try to start B and will not start A in case B fails.
- use `bindsTo = [ "B" ];`, if service A should be shutdown in case of a failure of B.

After:
- use `after = [ "B" ];`, if service A needs B to active before it is started. Note that with this setting, if you shutdown B, A will be shut down first.

PartOf:
- use `partOf = [ "B" ];`, if service A needs to re-started when service B is.

Note that `wants,requires,bindsTo` are orthogonal to `after`. The most common occurence in nixpkgs is `requires` and `after`.

### Examples {#sec-systemd-handling-dependencies-examples}

- Web-app dependency on a database. If the web-app cannot start without the database, use `requires` and `after`. If you would rather have it operate even without a database use `wants` and `after`. [example in nixpkgs](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/nixos/modules/services/web-apps/lemmy.nix#L169)

> - Database migration and setup script for a web-app. It is common to make a service for database setup and migration. This service should be `partOf` the webapp service as everytime the webapp is restarted, this service should be restarted as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Database migration and setup script for a web-app. It is common to make a service for database setup and migration. This service should be `partOf` the web-app service as every time the web-app restarts, this service should be restarted as well.
```

[example in nixpkgs](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/nixos/modules/services/web-apps/lemmy.nix#L214)

> - A web-app has two separate services, a UI and a server. The ui `requires` `after` the server. [example in nixpkgs](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/nixos/modules/services/web-apps/lemmy.nix#L205)

Reviewer: this is hard to parse as a sentence, also hard to keep it short :)
```suggestion
- A web-app with two separate services, a UI and a server. The UI `requires` the server and starts `after` it. [example in nixpkgs](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/nixos/modules/services/web-apps/lemmy.nix#L205)
```
